PREVIOUSLY ON "THE HAVES
AND THE HAVE NOTS"...
I'M LOOKING
FOR HANNA YOUNG.
WE HAVE A WARRANT
FOR HER ARREST.
FOR WHAT?
THE ABDUCTION
OF A QUINCY DAYLON YOUNG JR.
I AM SORRY
TO BRING THIS TO YOU.
IT'S ALL RIGHT.
SHE WEARING A WIRE!
‐WHO LISTENING IN ON US?
‐VERONICA HARRINGTON!
‐WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
‐RESTRAINING ORDER.
IT'S NOT JUST ABOUT YOU
STAYING AWAY FROM HIM.
YOU KEEP PUSHING THAT BOY,
HE IS GOING TO KILL YOU.
‐WHO ARE YOU?
‐HIS MOTHER.
HE ASKED FOR YOU.
HE ALWAYS CALLED FOR ME
WHEN HE WAS IN TROUBLE.
‐WHAT ARE YOU DOING HERE?
‐I'M HERE TO TALK TO YOU
ABOUT THE LOAN ON THE TWO HOUSES
AND THE TOW YARD.
WHAT DID YOU SAY?
BENNY.
I'M SORRY.
WHO ARE YOU?
CAN WE TALK LATER?
NO, I NEED TO SPEAK TO YOU
RIGHT NOW.
THIS IS NOT A GOOD TIME.
NO, IT'S A GOOD TIME.
IT'S A PERFECT TIME.
‐BENNY ‐‐
‐NO, CANDACE.
GO 'HEAD, TALK.
WHAT DO YOU GOT TO SAY?
THIS REALLY
ISN'T A GOOD TIME.
NO, LET'S TALK ABOUT
THE MORTGAGE
I TOLD YOU
I WASN'T GONNA SIGN.
LET'S TALK ABOUT THAT.
‐BENNY.
A‐ARE YOU BENJAMIN YOUNG?
YES.
WOULD THIS HAPPEN TO BE
YOUR SIGNATURE?
NO.
THAT'S NOT.
I DIDN'T THINK SO.
I CHECKED WITH THE DMV,
AND, UH, IT DOESN'T MATCH,
SO WE HAVE A PROBLEM.
WELL, I MEAN, I ‐‐
WE ‐‐
CAN I CALL YOU
ABOUT THIS LATER?
‐NO.
‐YEAH.
NO. WE NEED TO TALK ABOUT IT
RIGHT NOW.
YOU NEED TO GO.
NO. THAT WOULDN'T BE WISE,
MS. YOUNG.
NO, CANDACE.
LET'S HEAR WHAT HE GOT TO SAY.
GO 'HEAD.
‐NO, WE NEED ‐‐
SHUT UP!
GO AHEAD.
LIKE I SAID, WE HAVE A PROBLEM
WITH THE LOAN.
HOW MUCH WAS IT?
$2 MILLION.
WHAT'S THE PROBLEM?
AS YOU KNOW, MS. YOUNG,
YOU FALSIFIED A DOCUMENT.
THAT AUTOMATICALLY THROWS
THE LOAN INTO DEFAULT,
AND YOU'VE COMMITTED
A CRIME
THAT'S PUNISHABLE
BY PRISON TIME.
WE'RE NOT ABLE TO HOLD
YOUR LOAN.
BUT I ALREADY GOT IT.
NO, YOU DON'T.
NOT ANYMORE.
M‐MR. BOWMAN...
WE'RE CALLING IT.
MR. BOWMAN.
WAIT, WAIT.
WH‐WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
IT MEANS THAT YOU HAVE TO HAVE
$2 MILLION IN OUR OFFICE
BY 5:00 P. M. TOMORROW,
OR WE'RE CALLING THE FEDS.
‐‐Captions by VITAC‐‐
www.vitac.com
CAPTIONS PAID FOR BY
DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS
I'M SORRY, MS. YOUNG.
WE NEED THE MONEY.
‐WAIT, JUS‐‐
‐WAIT, I CAN'T.
‐I'M SERIOUS.
‐I CAN'T.
CAN YOU GIVE ME
A LITTLE MORE TIME?
YOU HAVE TIME.
HOW MUCH LONGER?
LIKE I SAID,
UNTIL TOMORROW.
THIS IS VERY SERIOUS,
MS. YOUNG.
I GAVE YOU A LOAN
ON GOOD FAITH,
AND YOU FORGED YOUR
BROTHER'S SIGNATURE.
I'M SORRY.
LOOK, I'LL SIGN IT ‐‐
THE MORTGAGE.
I'M SORRY.
LOOK, I'LL SIGN MY HOUSE
AND THE TOW YARD
SO YOU CAN HAVE IT
ON THE MORTGAGE.
NO, SIR.
IT DOESN'T WORK THAT WAY.
WELL, WHY NOT?
BECAUSE YOUR SISTER
HAS PROVEN
THAT SHE IS NOT TRUTHFUL.
WE CANNOT EXTEND
HER CREDIT.
BUT YOU CAN HAVE THIS HOUSE,
MY HOUSE, AND THE TOW YARD.
THAT'S NOT ENOUGH?
NO.
WE NEED OUR MONEY.
OR SHE'S GOING TO JAIL?
YES. OR...
WHAT?
YOU SIGN OVER YOUR HOUSE,
YOUR TOW YARD, AND THIS HOUSE.
FOR COLLATERAL?
NO.
YOU WOULD HAVE TO VACATE
IMMEDIATELY,
LEAVING BEHIND ALL FURNITURE,
ASSETS, CARS, AND VALUABLES.
NO, WAIT, WAIT, WAIT.
WAIT, MR., UH...
BOWMAN.
MR. BOWMAN,
THERE'S GOT TO BE, UH...
THOSE ARE YOUR OPTIONS.
YOU HAVE UNTIL 5:00 P.M.
TOMORROW.
YOU COME UP WITH THE MONEY
OR YOU SIGN OVER THE PROPERTIES
FOR LIQUIDATION
AND YOU HAVE TO VACATE
IMMEDIATELY,
OR THE FEDS WILL COME.
[ SIGHS ]
[ DOOR OPENS ]
I EXPECT TO HEAR FROM YOU
BY TOMORROW.
GOOD DAY.
[ ENGINE STARTS ]
I MET JIM CRYER
WHEN I WAS AN ESCORT.
YES, I WAS AN ESCORT
A FEW YEARS AGO.
[ INHALES SHARPLY ]
TO PAY FOR SCHOOL.
I HAD NO IDEA HE WAS
AMANDA'S FATHER.
BUT ONCE HE PAID ME,
AND...I REALIZED
HE WAS AMANDA'S FATHER,
I DECIDED TO BLACKMAIL HIM.
I BLACKMAILED HIM
FOR 100 GRAND
AND THAT LITTLE
RED SPORTS CAR.
HE THEN KIDNAPPED ME.
HE TOOK ME TO A BASEMENT,
AND HE THREATENED TO KILL ME.
ONCE I GOT OUT...
I GOT WAR AND SOME OF HIS BOYS
TO KIDNAP HIM.
THEY TOOK HIM BACK
TO WAR'S BASEMENT,
AND I TOOK SOME PRETTY
COMPROMISING PICTURES
OF HIM
WITH SOME OF MY FRIENDS.
I ALSO EXTORTED
$7.4 MILLION.
[ SIGHS ] I USED THAT TO PAY
FOR YOUR HOUSE...
...YOUR TOW YARD...
...AND MY HOUSE.
I GAVE ERICA THAT CAR TO
TRICK YOU INTO...TAKING IT
FROM MAMA 'CAUSE I KNEW SHE
WOULDN'T TAKE IT FROM ME.
I TOLD WAR THAT...
I GOT 400 GRAND FROM JIM.
AND I GAVE HIM
ONLY $150,000.
BUT YOU TOLD HIM
I GOT $4 MILLION,
AND HE THREATENED, UM...
HE THREATENED TO KILL YOU...
...IF I DIDN'T GIVE HIM
$2 MILLION.
SO I DID WHAT
I HAD TO DO, BENNY.
AND THEN MITCH...
[ Voice breaking ] MITCH SAW WAR
FORCE HIMSELF ON ME.
[ SNIFFLES ]
SO HE PLANTED DRUGS
IN ‐‐ IN WAR'S CAR.
WAR GOT ARRESTED.
[ SNIFFLES ]
AND HE'S IN JAIL NOW,
AND HE PROBABLY THINKS
IT WAS ME, OKAY?
SO, HE'LL PROBABLY COME
AFTER ME PRETTY SOON,
AND HE MAY THINK THAT YOU WERE
INVOLVED IN SOME WAY.
HE ‐‐ HE MAY VERY WELL
COME AFTER YOU, TOO.
SO, BENNY, I HAD
$4 MILLION LEFT, OKAY?
[ SNIFFLES ]
AND I GOT MARKED BY THIS GUY
NAMED OSCAR...
AND I TRACKED HIM DOWN.
[ SNIFFLES ]
SO, ONCE YOU LEAVE,
I'M GONNA GO AND ‐‐
I'M GONNA GO AND GET
THIS MONEY BACK.
'KAY? [ SNIFFLES ]
I'M GONNA MAKE IT RIGHT,
BENNY.
YOU'RE LYING.
YOU ARE.
YOU ALWAYS LIE.
[ Exhaling ] ALWAYS.
OKAY.
MAMA SAYS THAT ABOUT YOU.
THAT'S WHAT SHE SAYS.
SHE SAYS, "YOU LIE
WHEN THE TRUTH'LL DO."
OKAY.
HOW ARE YOU GONNA LIE
ON WAR LIKE THAT?
YOU KNOW HE'S GOT
BOTH OF OUR BACK.
YOU KNOW HE'S DOWN
WITH BOTH OF US.
AND MITCH ‐‐
MITCH DON'T EVEN GOT
NO DAMN CONNECTIONS
LIKE THAT.
HE CAN'T EVEN DO NOTHING
WHAT YOU TALKING 'BOUT?
HE AIN'T FROM THE STREET.
[ SCOFFS ]
CAN YOU MOVE NOW
SO I CAN GO GET THIS MONEY?
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
[ Line ringing ]
[ SIGHS ]
[ CELLPHONE RINGS, BEEPS ]
Benny: Mama.
I GOT A CAR.
Look, don't come down.
WELL, IF THE POLICE ARE THERE,
I WANNA COME.
THEY'RE NOT HERE.
CANDACE IS GONNA
LET YOU HAVE Q.
‐IS SHE?
‐Yeah.
FOR REAL?
YEAH.
She wants you to sue?
I DON'T HAVE TO SUE.
WHAT'S SHE WANT YOU
TO PROMISE HER?
SHE DIDN'T MAKE ME
PROMISE ANYTHING.
‐You sure?
‐I'M SURE, MOM.
WHAT'S WRONG WITH YOU?
I'M FINE.
I DON'T LIKE
THE WAY YOU SOUND.
I'm fine, Mom.
Just stay where you are.
‐BENNY.
‐LOOK, I'M FINE.
JUST STAY WITH THE BABY,
ALL RIGHT?
I'LL, UH ‐‐ I'LL GIVE YOU A CALL
A LITTLE BIT LATER,
OR I'LL JUST SEE YOU
AT THE HOUSE.
‐Okay.
‐UH‐HUH.
I'LL ‐‐ I'LL ‐‐ I'LL GIVE YOU
A CALL WHEN IT'S CLEAR, 'KAY?
Okay.
[ SIGHS ] OKAY?
ALL RIGHT. BYE, MOM.
Benny.
THANK YOU, BABY.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
CAN YOU MOVE NOW, PLEASE?
YOUR ASS
AIN'T GOING NOWHERE
BESIDES DOWN TO THAT
CHILD WELFARE OFFICE
TO TELL THEM MAMA CAN HAVE
CUSTODY OF YOUR SON.
ALL RIGHT? YOU'RE GONNA STOP
THIS NONSENSE TODAY.
ALL RIGHT?
'KAY.
NOW FOLLOW ME.
FOLLOW ME.
COME ON.
JUST GOTTA GET MY KEYS
AND MY PURSE.
ALL RIGHT.
HURRY UP.
[ BUZZER ]
HELLO.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
WELL, LOOK WHO'S HERE.
START, AND I WALK
RIGHT OUT OF HERE.
OH, IT'S NICE TO SEE YOU,
TOO, DARLING.
SEE, THAT WASN'T SO BAD.
THANK YOU.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
HOW ARE YOU DOING?
OH, I'M DOING FINE.
CONSIDERING.
ME TOO.
OH, REALLY? SO, YOU'RE IN JAIL
SOMEWHERE, TOO.
I DIDN'T REALIZE THAT.
NO.
I'M ALONE IN A MANSION.
AH!
NOT QUITE SURE THAT COMPARES
JUST FINE.
WELL...
YOU HAVE ARMED GUARDS.
YOU KNOW THERE'S A GUN
IN THE SAFE.
IF YOU'RE WORRIED,
TAKE IT OUT, USE IT.
WHICH SAFE?
KATHERYN.
YOU KNOW THAT THERE'S A GUN
IN THE SAFE.
IF YOU'RE WORRIED ABOUT
YOUR HEALTH AND WELL BEING,
TAKE IT OUT AND USE
THE DAMN THING.
YOU'RE TELLING ME THAT AFTER
AMANDA DID WHAT SHE DID?
THEN DON'T COME IN HERE
AND TELL ME
THAT YOU DON'T FEEL SAFE ALONE
IN OUR HOUSE.
LOOK, YOU ASS.
I DON'T HAVE TO BE HERE.
THEN WHY, YOU ASS,
ARE YOU HERE?
I CAME TO TELL YOU
I WENT TO SEE WYATT.
OH, SO YOU ACTUALLY
GOT UP OUT OF BED ‐‐
DON'T!
HOW IS HE?
HE'S GOING TO BE OKAY.
HE'S HEAVILY SEDATED,
BUT HE'S FINE.
OKAY, GOOD.
WE NEED TO GET
THAT MONEY BACK.
YES, I KNOW WE NEED
TO GET THE MONEY BACK.
AND LLOYD KNOWS THE BANK.
IS THERE ANY JUDGE
THAT YOU KNOW
THAT CAN HELP US GET CONTROL
OF IT AGAIN?
LET ME THINK.
ANYONE?
TRY MARGARET PRESTON.
MM.
I ALREADY TRIED HER.
WHAT'D SHE SAY?
‐SHE WOULDN'T HELP ME.
‐TRY HER AGAIN.
AND WHAT GOOD
WILL THAT DO?
TRUST ME.
TRY MARGARET PRESTON.
TELL HER, "DECEMBER, 2013,
CHRISTMAS, THE HAMPTONS."
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
JUST ‐‐ JUST SAY THAT
TO HER, OKAY?
AH!
WHAT?
ANOTHER ONE OF YOUR WHORES.
NO, NO.
NO, JUST TELL THAT, OKAY?
SHE'LL DO WHAT YOU WANT
IF YOU TELL HER THAT. PLEASE.
I'LL GET HER TO SIGN IT.
WE'LL GET WYATT'S
INHERITANCE BACK,
AND WE'LL PUT HIM IN REHAB WHEN
HE GETS OUT OF THE HOSPITAL.
[ Chuckling ] KATHERYN...
JENNIFER SALLISON HAS IT IN
FOR ME.
SHE'S NEVER GOING TO LET US
GET CONTROL OF WYATT.
JIM, HE'S ILL.
SURELY SHE UNDERSTANDS THAT.
SHE DOESN'T CARE.
THAT WOMAN WOULD EAT HER YOUNG
TO GET ME.
WHAT DID YOU DO TO HER?
NOTHING!
ARE YOU SURE?
YES!
I AM SURE.
WELL, LET ME
TELL YOU SOMETHING.
IF SHE TRIES TO STAND IN THE WAY
OF ME GETTING HELP FOR HIM,
SO HELP ME ‐‐
DON'T WORRY.
SHE WILL STAND IN THE WAY OF YOU
GETTING HELP FOR HIM.
OKAY.
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
WAIT A MINUTE.
I'VE SEEN THAT LOOK
IN YOUR EYE.
WHAT ARE YOU GONNA DO?
NOT WHAT YOU WOULD.
AND WHAT WOULD I DO?
YOU HIRE PEOPLE
TO DO YOUR DIRTY WORK.
ME?
I GET MY HANDS DIRTY.
[ BUZZER ]
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
[ SIGHS ] DAMN IT.
[ SIGHS ]
I WOULD OFFER TO HELP,
BUT I DON'T CARE TO GET
CUSSED OUT AGAIN.
NO, I DON'T NEED YOUR HELP.
GLAD I DIDN'T OFFER.
THANK YOU.
DON'T MENTION IT.
[ SCOFFS ] I KNOW YOUR ASS
DID NOT JUST WALK AWAY.
[ SIGHS ]
ARE YOU SURE?
YOU THINK A WOMAN
CAN'T DO IT ON HER OWN?
I KNOW A WOMAN CAN.
ALLOWING SOMEONE
TO HELP YOU
DOESN'T MEAN YOU CAN'T DO IT
ON YOUR OWN.
NOW, WHAT DO YOU MEAN
CUSS YOU OUT?
THE OTHER NIGHT AT THE BAR.
I OFFERED YOU A NAPKIN
FOR YOUR TEARS.
OH.
YEAH.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I'M SORRY.
IT'S BEEN A ROUGH
COUPLE DAYS.
AS I HEARD.
REALLY?
WHAT DID YOU HEAR?
OH, YOUR APPARENTLY
EX‐BOYFRIEND ‐‐ MARRIED.
SO YOU'RE NOSY.
NO, HE WAS LOUD ENOUGH FOR ME
TO OVERHEAR HIM.
YEAH.
WELL,
HE'S ALSO AN ASS, SO...
I'M SORRY.
YOU KNOW WHAT?
I CAN ACTUALLY DO THIS
ON MY OWN.
PLEASE.
ALLOW ME.
NOW.
I'M SORRY.
I SEE YOU DON'T MIND
GETTING YOUR HANDS DIRTY.
[ CHUCKLES ] NO.
NO, I'M A COUNTRY GIRL.
OH, REALLY?
‐YEP.
‐WHERE YOU FROM?
RALEIGH‐DURHAM.
OH, YOU'RE KIDDING.
NO.
WELL, SO AM I.
GET OUT OF HERE.
‐YEAH.
‐[ LAUGHS ]
REALLY? WHERE?
SMALL TOWN ‐‐
WAIT,
D‐D‐DON'T SAY GASTONIA.
[ Chuckling ] YES.
[ LAUGHS ]
WELL,
THAT'S WHERE I'M FROM.
REALLY?
WHERE DID YOU GO TO SCHOOL?
HILLS HIGH.
NO WAY.
I WENT THERE.
REALLY?
YEAH.
YEAH, I GRADUATED IN, UM ‐‐
DON'T ‐‐ DON'T...
I'M SURE I GRADUATED
MUCH EARLIER THAN YOU DID.
WELL, YOU DON'T LOOK
THAT MUCH OLDER THAN ME.
WELL, TRUST ME, I AM.
WELL, WHATEVER YOU'RE DOING,
YOU NEED TO KEEP DOING IT.
HA. THANK YOU.
SO, HOW'S IT COMING?
WELL...
[ TAPPING ]
I BELIEVE YOU'RE GONNA NEED
TO CALL A TOW TRUCK.
WHY?
UM, THE LUG NUT
IS RUSTED, SEIZED.
[ CHUCKLES ] OKAY.
NO, IT IS.
YEAH, RIGHT.
NO, I‐I'M SERIOUS.
LET ME TRY IT.
[ LAUGHS ] OKAY.
BUT IF YOU TRY AND FORCE IT,
YOU MIGHT BREAK IT OFF.
WELL, MAYBE YOU'RE RIGHT.
MAYBE THEY ARE RUSTED.
ALL RIGHT.
WOULD YOU LIKE ME TO CALL
A TOW TRUCK FOR YOU?
I HAVE A MEETING DOWNTOWN.
IT'S THE MORNING, SO...
I'M HEADING THAT WAY.
I COULD GIVE YOU A RIDE.
I DON'T KNOW YOU.
WELL, YOU KNOW
I'M FROM GASTONIA.
YEAH, AND THAT'S THE REASON I
SHOULD NOT BE RIDING WITH YOU.
[ CHUCKLES ]
I'LL GET A CAR SERVICE.
YOU'RE SAFE WITH ME.
YOU SURE?
POSITIVE.
AND, UH...HERE.
FOR YOUR HANDS.
NO, THAT'S SILK.
I‐I ‐‐
PLEASE.
TAKE IT.
THANK YOU.
MY CAR IS RIGHT
DOWN HERE.
THIS WAY.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
‐JENNIFER.
‐YEAH.
BENJAMIN YOUNG AND CANDACE YOUNG
ARE DOWN THE HALL.
FOR WHAT?
TRYING TO GET A WARRANT LIFTED
FOR THEIR MOTHER.
WHY DOES
SHE HAVE A WARRANT?
SHE KIDNAPPED HER GRANDSON.
WHAT?
YEAH.
IS THAT GIRL STILL HERE?
YEAH, SHE'S DOWNSTAIRS.
HAVE THEY SEEN HER?
NO.
OKAY, HAVE THE TWO OF THEM
COME IN MY OFFICE.
OKAY.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
HI. THIS IS D. A. SALLISON
FOR DR. MADLOW.
THANK YOU.
HI, DR. MADLOW.
JENNIFER SALLISON.
YES, I'M CALLING ABOUT
WYATT CRYER'S CONDITION.
HOW'S HE DOING?
OH. SO HE'S BETTER?
OH, OKAY.
SO, WHEN CAN I COME
AND SEE HIM?
OKAY.
YEAH.
H‐HOW DO YOU THINK HIS MEMORY
WILL BE?
NO, NO. I UNDERSTAND.
I UNDERSTAND.
IT'S TOO EARLY TO TELL.
OKAY, I WILL.
COME IN.
YES.
OKAY.
HAVE A SEAT.
OKAY, I APPRECIATE THAT.
THANK YOU.
YES, JUST KEEP ME POSTED.
YES.
THANK YOU. BYE‐BYE.
HI.
YOU LOOK WELL.
WHO ARE YOU?
I'M SORRY.
I'M D. A JENNIFER SALLISON.
I'M THE PROSECUTOR
PROSECUTING YOUR CASE.
I'LL BE CALLING YOU IN
TO TESTIFY
ABOUT THE NIGHT
YOU GOT HIT.
OH, OKAY.
SO, WHAT BRINGS YOU HERE?
AH, WELL, MY MOTHER ACTUALLY HAS
A WARRANT OUT FOR HER ARREST.
AND THIS IS
YOUR MOTHER, TOO?
YEAH.
OH, THIS IS MY SISTER,
CANDACE YOUNG,
AND WE WERE TRYING TO GET
THE WARRANT TAKEN OFF.
SO, WHY DID SHE KIDNAP
THIS CHILD?
THIS ‐‐
THIS IS YOUR CHILD?
SHE DIDN'T KIDNAP HIM.
IT WAS REALLY JUST A BIG
MISUNDERSTANDING.
WE ACTUALLY BOTH WANTED
THE COURTS TO KNOW
THAT SHE SHOULD HAVE
GUARDIANSHIP, TOO.
‐IS THAT RIGHT?
‐YEAH.
SO, YOU'RE THE MOTHER.
YES.
WHO'S THE FATHER?
QUINCY MAXWELL.
YES.
HIS SISTER'S HERE.
SHE IS?
MM‐HMM.
SHE SAID YOU KILLED HIM
IN YOUR HOUSE,
AND SHE CAN'T FIND HIM.
WHAT?
WOULD YOU KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT THAT?
WELL, THAT'S SOMETHING
A CRACK HEAD WOULD SAY.
YOU HAVE ANY I. D.,
CANDACE?
SURE.
CAN I SEE IT?
THANK YOU.
OKAY, SO,
I'LL BE RIGHT BACK.
JUST HANG OUT
FOR A MINUTE.
EXCUSE ME.
DAMN IT.
YOU WANTED
TO COME DOWN HERE.
SHUT UP.
WE HAVE TO
GET OUT OF HERE.
SEE, YOU SHOULD'VE JUST
GIVEN THE BABY TO MOM.
BENNY, WE HAVE TO
GET OUT OF HERE.
COME ON IN.
OH, THAT'S HER!
THAT'S HER RIGHT THERE.
SHE THE ONE WHO DID SOMETHING
TO MY BROTHER.
HAD A STAIN ON THE FLOOR
AT HER HOUSE,
AND HIS PHONE WAS THERE.
I TRACKED HIM.
TOOK A PICTURE AND EVERYTHING,
JUST LIKE I SHOWED YOU.
IS THIS YOUR HOUSE?
‐YEAH.
‐YOUR FLOOR?
YES.
SO, HOW DID THE DISCOLORATION
GET THERE?
PET STAIN.
SHE AIN'T GOT NO DAMN PET.
PREVIOUS OWNER.
ACTUALLY, I JUST BOUGHT
THE HOUSE, QUITA.
WHERE IS MY BROTHER?!
I DON'T KNOW.
LOOK, WE NEED TO GET THIS
WARRANT TAKEN OFF MY MOTHER.
AND I CAN HELP YOU
WITH THAT.
I NEED YOU TWO
TO STAY PUT.
QUITA, YOU COME WITH ME.
YOU AIN'T
GONNA ARREST HER?
QUITA.
COME WITH ME.
BENNY, WE HAVE TO GET
OUT OF HERE.
LOOK, I'M NOT GOING NOWHERE
UNTIL MOM IS CLEAR.
[ SCOFFS ]
OKAY. FINE.
ALL THIS DAMN LYING.
YOU'RE MARRIED.
HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT?
I CAN FEEL IT.
WELL, I'M GOING THROUGH
A DIVORCE.
BULL.
NO, IT'S TRUE.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WHY DOES EVERY MAN
WHO MEETS A PRETTY GIRL
ALL OF A SUDDEN IS GOING
THROUGH A DIVORCE?
OH, SO YOU THINK
YOU'RE PRETTY?
A LITTLE BIT.
WELL, YOU ARE.
THANK YOU.
VERY.
MATTER OF FACT,
YOU'RE BEAUTIFUL.
THANK YOU.
YEAH.
HMM.
I REALLY AM GOING THROUGH
A DIVORCE.
WELL, IT'S OKAY IF YOU'RE NOT.
THIS IS JUST A RIDE.
OH, I AM AWARE OF THAT.
MM.
SO, WHAT DO YOU DO?
WHY?
WHAT DO YOU DO?
HMM.
I AM A JUDGE.
OOH.
WELL, I AM A BORED
GLORIFIED ACCOUNTANT
AT PERRONE,
MCCULLOUGH, GILLIAM.
I SEE.
I MOSTLY LIVE IN ATLANTA,
BUT THE CORPORATE OFFICES ARE
HERE, OFF OF THE ATLANTIC.
OKAY, I SEE.
VERY GOOD.
YEAH.
[ EXHALES DEEPLY ]
[ CHUCKLES ]
WHAT'S SO FUNNY?
YOU'RE JUST NOT
VERY GOOD AT THIS.
AT WHAT?
WELL, IF YOU'RE TRYING
TO FLIRT ‐‐
OH, NO, NO, NO.
I'M JUST HELPING A LADY IN
DISTRESS GET TO HER MEETING.
MM.
YES.
WELL, CAN I GIVE YOU
SOME ADVICE?
NOT FOR ME, OF COURSE.
OF COURSE NOT.
YOU'RE GONNA BE A SINGLE MAN
SOON ‐‐ HOW SOON?
VERY SOON.
WELL, YOU SHOULD PROBABLY START
THINKING LIKE A FREE MAN.
YOU SAY THAT LIKE I'M GETTING
OUT OF PRISON.
[ CHUCKLES ]
WELL, HOW LONG WERE YOU MARRIED?
27 YEARS.
WOW.
YES.
THAT'S AS LONG AS MANDELLA
WAS LOCKED UP FOR.
[ BOTH LAUGH ]
WASN'T QUITE LIKE THAT.
OKAY. IF YOU SAY SO.
SO, WHAT'S THE ADVICE?
DON'T BE SO RIGID.
RELAX.
HAVE SOME FUN.
YEAH, OKAY.
OH, THIS IS
WHERE I'M GOING.
RIGHT HERE?
ALL RIGHT.
[ CLEARS THROAT ]
WELL...
THANK YOU.
OH, I SHOULD BE THANKING YOU
FOR THE RIDE.
OH, YOU'RE WELCOME,
AND THANK YOU FOR THE ADVICE.
OH, SURE.
ALL RIGHT, BYE.
HEY, HOLD ON.
OH, IF YOU WANT MY NUMBER,
YOU'RE NOT GETTING IT.
NO, NO, I WASN'T GOING
TO ASK FOR THAT.
WELL, THEN YOU NEED MORE ADVICE
BECAUSE YOU SHOULD'VE.
YEAH, WELL, UM...
I WAS GONNA ASK WHAT TIME
YOU'LL BE OUT OF YOUR MEETING.
OH.
PERHAPS I COULD GIVE YOU A RIDE
BACK TO THE HOTEL.
YOU ARE STAYING THERE?
YEAH.
THAT'S USUALLY WHERE I STAY
WHEN I'M IN TOWN.
SO, UM, WHAT TIME
WILL YOU BE FINISHED?
3:00.
CAN I PICK YOU UP HERE?
MAYBE.
MAYBE? OKAY.
ALL RIGHT,
HOW ABOUT THIS?
I WILL BE HERE,
RIGHT IN THIS SPOT AT 3:00.
OKAY.
AND IF YOU ACCEPT,
I'LL SEE YOU HERE.
DEAL.
AGREED.
BYE.
WHAT'S YOUR NAME?
OH, YOU SEE HOW RUSTY
YOU ARE?
HMM.
OKAY. SO,
I GOT THE WARRANT LIFTED.
[ SIGHS ]
THANK YOU.
YOU'RE WELCOME.
[ SIGHS ]
CAN WE GO NOW?
YES, OF COURSE.
OKAY.
THANKS.
WHAT DO YOU WANT TO DO?
SHE DID ADMIT
IT'S HER HOUSE, RIGHT?
YEAH.
I WANT YOU
TO GET SOMETHING.
GET ANYTHING.
TALK TO THE NEIGHBORS.
AND WHEN YOU GET SOMETHING,
WE'LL HAVE THAT WARRANT
ISSUED TODAY.
OKAY. I'M ON IT.
[ DOOR OPENS ]
[ SIGHS ]
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
‐HEY, DAVID.
‐YES.
I'M OUT OF HERE.
WELL, I AM AS WELL.
ALL RIGHT. WELL, IF YOU NEED ME,
YOU KNOW HOW TO FIND ME.
YES, I DO.
UM, BRANDON, I DO NEED YOU.
OKAY.
UM...
WHAT'S THAT?
THERE'S A YOUNG LADY
THAT I'D LIKE YOU TO RUN.
OKAY.
I DON'T KNOW HER NAME.
WELL, YOU KNOW ANYTHING
ABOUT HER?
AH, NO.
NOT REALLY.
I MET HER AT THE HOTEL BAR
LAST NIGHT...
NEVER MIND.
NO, NO, NO, NO.
TELL ME.
JUST SET THAT DOWN AND TELL ME.
NO, IT ‐‐ IT'S ‐‐
IT'S NOTHING, REALLY.
IT'S JUST ME BEING PARANOID.
DAVID, PARANOID IS YOUR GUT
TELLING YOU SOMETHING IS WRONG.
WHAT IS IT?
UM...TAKE THAT TO MY CAR,
PLEASE.
SHE WAS IN THE HOTEL BAR
LAST NIGHT,
HAVING AN ARGUMENT AND BROKE UP
WITH HER BOYFRIEND.
DID YOU SEE HIM?
YES.
OKAY.
WAS IT A LOUD ARGUMENT?
NOT PARTICULARLY.
I DID HEAR IT.
OKAY, DID YOU HEAR IT,
OR DID YOU THEY WANT YOU
TO HEAR IT,
BECAUSE THERE'S
A DIFFERENCE.
I THINK I JUST HEARD IT.
OKAY. THEN WHAT?
THAT WAS IT.
'KAY, DID SHE TRY
TO TALK TO YOU?
NO.
'KAY, DID YOU TRY
TO TALK TO HER?
WELL, SOMEWHAT.
I WAS REBUFFED.
OKAY.
SO, THEN WHAT?
WELL, NOTHING.
THEN SHE JUST LEFT THE BAR.
SO, NO EXCHANGING OF NUMBERS,
NO EXCHANGING OF GLANCES, NO...
NO.
OKAY.
WELL [CHUCKLES]
SOUNDS GOOD SO FAR.
WHAT DOES THAT MEAN?
TRUST ME, DAVID.
I DO THIS FOR A LIVING.
SO, HAVE YOU
SEEN HER AGAIN?
WELL, I SAW HER
THIS MORNING.
HER CAR HAD A FLAT TIRE.
AH!
RED FLAG.
WHY IS THAT?
[ CHUCKLES ]
LET ME GUESS.
SHE COULDN'T CHANGE
HER TIRE.
SHE WAS TRYING TO.
YEAH, BUT SHE NEEDED YOU
TO HELP HER.
WELL, I DON'T KNOW
THAT SHE NEEDED ME,
BUT THE ‐‐ THE LUG NUTS
WERE RUSTED.
OH, COME ON.
SHE CAN FAKE THAT.
I DON'T KNOW.
PERHAPS.
I GAVE HER A RIDE TO WORK.
OKAY.
DO YOU KNOW WHERE?
WELL, I KNOW THE NAME
OF THE COMPANY.
OKAY. GIVE ME ONE SECOND.
GIVE IT TO ME.
IT'S PERONNE, MCCULLOUGH,
AND GILLIAM.
ALL RIGHT,
AND WHAT'S HER NAME?
I DON'T KNOW HER NAME.
DAVID.
I'M NEW AT THIS.
TRUST ME, SHE KNOWS YOUR NAME,
AND SHE DIDN'T OFFER HERS?
NO.
NO NAME, NO NUMBER,
NOTHING.
THAT'S INTERESTING.
WHAT?
I MEAN, IT SOUNDS LEGIT,
BUT I HIGHLY DOUBT IT.
OKAY. WELL, I HAVEN'T
GIVEN YOU MUCH,
BUT CAN YOU RUN HER?
WELL, IF YOU GAVE ME A NAME,
THAT WOULD HELP.
OKAY, I WILL GET A NAME.
THANK YOU.
ALL RIGHT.
SO, YOU'RE LEAVING NOW?
YEAH, IN A LITTLE WHILE.
BUT IF I SEE THAT CAR,
IT'S GONNA BE A LOT SOONER.
I UNDERSTAND.
GET ME THAT NAME.
YES, I WILL.
YOU LET ME KNOW
IF YOU LEAVE TOWN.
I WILL.
THANK YOU.
[ DOOR CLOSES ]
[ SIGHS ]
HI.
‐HELLO.
I'M DETECTIVE BLAKE.
OH.
OH! ARE YOU HERE
ABOUT THE ODOR?
WHAT ODOR, MA'AM?
FROM OVER THERE.
AT THAT HOUSE?
MM‐HMM.
FROM THE BACKYARD.
I TOLD MY SON ABOUT IT.
YOUR SON?
OH, YES.
HE'S A POLICE OFFICER.
JUSTIN LEWIS.
I DON'T KNOW HIM.
OH, WELL, I TOLD HIM ABOUT IT.
HE THINKS I'M CRAZY.
YOU KNOW, MY SON‐IN‐LAW
IS THE CHIEF OF POLICE.
IS HE?
MM‐HMM.
OH, OKAY.
YES, AND I TOLD MY SON I SAW
A MAN GO INTO THAT HOUSE,
AND HE NEVER CAME OUT.
YOU DID?
I DID, TOO.
YES, AND I HAVE IT
ON CAMERA.
WELL, MY CAMERA ISN'T REALLY
FOR THAT HOUSE.
IT'S FOR MY DRIVEWAY,
YOU SEE.
I HAVE TO WATCH MY CAR,
YOU KNOW.
BUT IT SHOWS THAT HOUSE.
OH, SHE'S
A TAWDRY YOUNG THING.
IS SHE?
OH‐HO, YES.
I HAVE IT ON VIDEO, TOO.
WOULD YOU LIKE TO SEE IT?
I SAW A MAN GO INTO THAT HOUSE,
AND I HAVE IT ON VIDEO.
YES, I WOULD.
YOU WOULDN'T HAPPEN TO KNOW
THE NAME OF THIS MAN?
OH, YES, HIS NAME
IS QUINCY MAXWELL.
HOW DO YOU KNOW THAT,
MA'AM?
WELL, BECAUSE THAT YOUNG LADY'S
MOTHER TOLD ME,
AND I WROTE IT DOWN.
THAT'S HOW.
OKAY. WELL, WE'D LIKE TO TAKE
A LOOK AT THAT VIDEO.
UH, MY PARTNER ACTUALLY WOULD
LIKE TO COME IN AND SEE IT.
OH, OKAY.
WELL, I‐I HAVE PICTURES, TOO.
I PRINTED THEM OUT.
DO YOU?
OH, YES, AND THEY HAVE
A TIMELINE, TOO.
COME ON IN.
OH, I HAVE CATS.
YOU'RE NOT AFRAID OF CATS,
ARE YOU?
YOU'RE NOT ALLERGIC,
‐Jennifer Sallison.
‐JENNIFER?
‐Yeah.
‐GET THAT SEARCH WARRANT.
‐REALLY?
‐This neighbor is a gold mine.
SHE SAW QUINCY GO IN THE HOUSE
AND NEVER COME BACK OUT.
YOU'VE GOT MORE
THAN PROBABLE CAUSE.
OKAY. YOU STAY PUT.
I'LL BE RIGHT THERE.
I'M GOING DOWN THE HALLWAY
RIGHT NOW.
OKAY.
ARE WE IN
AN AMUSEMENT PARK?
NO, BABY,
THIS IS A HOUSE.
WHO LIVES HERE?
A FRIEND OF MINE.
ARE THEY RICH?
YES, THEY ARE.
EAT YOUR ICE CREAM.
‐ANNA.
‐HI.
HI.
QUINCY,
THIS IS MRS. CRYER.
HI.
WELL, HELLO.
AREN'T YOU THE CUTEST THING.
THANK YOU.
YOU'RE NOT SO BAD YOURSELF.
WELL...
WHY, THANK YOU.
NOW, YOU ENJOY
THAT ICE CREAM.
OKAY.
I LIKE YOUR HOUSE.
WELL, YOU'RE WELCOME TO STAY
HERE AS LONG AS YOU WANT.
THANK YOU.
WE DON'T HAVE TO.
WHERE ARE YOU GOING?
BENNY CALLED AND SAID THEY
CALLED THE WARRANT OFF.
REALLY?
MY DAUGHTER IS GONNA LET ME
KEEP THIS BABY.
IS SHE?
YES.
WHAT DOES THAT
C‐O‐S‐T YOU?
I DON'T KNOW,
BUT WE KNOW IT'S SOMETHING.
MM.
YES, I DO.
HOW ARE YOU?
I DON'T KNOW.
SEEING WYATT
IN THAT HOSPITAL...
I DON'T KNOW.
I'M JUST ‐‐ I'M...
I'M SORRY.
[ PHONE RINGS ]
EXCUSE ME.
OKAY.
‐LLOYD?
‐Hi.
I JUST LEFT JUDGE
MARGARET PRESTON'S OFFICE.
‐Yes?
‐I'M FAXING YOU OVER A DOCUMENT.
LET ME KNOW
WHEN YOU RECEIVE IT.
I WANT YOU TO SEND IT
TO WYATT'S BANK
AND HAVE THEM SEND BACK EVERY
DIME OF HIS INHERITANCE
THAT HE HASN'T SPENT.
IT'S ALREADY SIGNED
BY JUDGE PRESTON.
I WILL MESSENGER OVER
THE ORIGINAL TO YOU,
AND WE WILL FINALLY HAVE CONTROL
OF THIS INHERITANCE
UNTIL HE IS NO LONGER
A SUBSTANCE ABUSER.
‐Yes. I'm on it.
‐GOOD.
THANKS A LOT FOR YOUR HELP,
LLOYD.
APPRECIATE IT.
[ BEEP ]
[ BEEPING ]
[ CELLPHONE RINGS ]
‐HELLO?
‐Jeffery.
HI.
IS THERE ANYTHING YOU NEED
TO TELL ME?
ABOUT?
YOUR FRIEND CANDACE.
WHAT DO ‐‐ WHAT DO ‐‐
WHAT DO YOU MEAN?
We're about to serve
A SEARCH WARRANT ON HER
TO SEARCH HER HOUSE.
‐WHAT?!
‐Yeah.
WHY?
D.A.'S ON THEIR WAY.
I'M OUTSIDE RIGHT NOW
AS THE FIRST OFFICER ON.
JEFFERY, YOU NEED TO TELL ME NOW
IF THERE'S SOMETHING.
NO, I‐I DON'T KNOW WHAT
YOU'RE TALKING ABOUT.
‐Jeffery.
‐[ SIGHS ] OH, MY GOD.
Jeffery,
you need to tell me now
IF THERE'S SOMETHING I NEED
TO KNOW
IF I'M GONNA TRY TO HELP YOU.
NEXT ON "THE HAVES
AND THE HAVE NOTS"...
OW!
WHAT DID I TELL YOU?
WHAT DID I SAY?
YOU NEED TO LET ME HANDLE
THE CLEANUP ON THIS ONE.
AND WHAT DOES
THAT MEAN, JIM?
IT MEANS THAT YOU HAVE A
TENDENCY OF LEAVING BIG MESSES.
YOU PUT DRUGS IN WAR'S CAR?
[ Scoffing ] WHAT?
WHY WOULD I DO THAT?
I HAVEN'T HAD A FIRST DATE
IN A VERY LONG TIME.
WELL, THEN,
I GUESS THAT MEANS
MAKING LOVE IS OUT
OF THE QUESTION.
OH.
Hanna:
WHAT DID SHE DO?
ONE DAY, YOU GONNA LISTEN
TO YOUR MAMA.
YOU WILL WITNESS THE FURY
THAT RUNS COLD IN MY VEIN.
[ SCREAMS ]